Fix content for playbook version validation (#11114)
demisto/content: Packs/PrismaAccess/ReleaseNotes/1_0_6.md

#### Integrations
##### Prisma Access

> - Integration version was changed to "5.0.0"

Reviewer: need to rephrase that

Author: Done

> - Integration version was changed to 5.0.0. Does not affect version 5.5.0 and grater.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The integration is now supported from XSOAR version 5.0.0. Please note this change does not affect versions 5.5.0 and higher.
```
